Ryan Wenham, 627002098, 506, ryanjw0903, ryanjw0903@tamu.edu
I certify that I have listed all the sources that I used to develop the solutions and code to the
submitted work.
On my honor as an Aggie, I have neither given nor received any unauthorized help
on this academic work. Ryan Wenham 1/18/2020
Resoruces:
www.cplusplus.com
www.learncpp.com
www.geeksforgeeks.org

Pseudocode :
For Stress ball there is header file for the declarations and a cpp source file that has implentation of the functions
Inside the Stress_ball class there is two enumeranated classes for size and color. We had to make
a constructor that would randomly select from those two classes and output it. In addition
Had to build a an function to mannually select the color and size and a overload operator to compare any
two stress balls.
For the Collection class i built a header and cpp. The collection class used a dynamic array of type stress ball. The
class would be able to return what colors of ball there is, compare them, remove, and give basic information. Because it
is dynamic memeory had to implement the rule of three.
To test my collection class i built a new main cpp that would try different tests from my class to see if they work. In
addition had to build 3 different types of sort to sort our stress balls.
For part 3 had to templet the collection class so i could use it with other sets like jeans. The
the template was obj, F1,F2 and i replaced all the previous refrences of these in collection.h with the
new templates variables. I made a jeans.cpp and .h that is identical to stress_ball.cpp and .h.
In addition a jeans_test to try out the new object and test my templated collection class.

Tested:
To test the collection and stress ball. I made two input filed to read in a then make a collection.
From there i tested every function multipule times and running the results to see if it lined up correctly evrytime with
different sorts.

 Part 3
Write about the generic programming using templates based on this assignment Part 3?
 - Templates are powerful tools for a coder to have, what is does is allow anyone to make a object that fits the
 templates requirments and can run instantly with the templated class. This idea is extremely important when working with
 teams.  It allows each of you to use your own types and names but to all work when run on the templated class to
 test what you had built. To build a templated class it must be done in the header file of the class. You
 have to declare the template before the class and use it typename in your class functions to use it. When declaring
 each function outside the main body of the class you must type out the template again before the fucntion
  and include <Obj,F1,F2> within each functions name so it can use the templated arguments.

